Main Entrance, entrance, The grand entrance which transports you to an unimaginable world of fun!
The ZipZapZop, ride, This coaster moves at speeds as fast as electricity and zig zags like lighting!
Interstellar Hill, ride, This coaster is as dark as space so you have no idea where you will go next! With sudden drops and turns, what could possibly go wrong?
The 5 Times Pointy, ride, This coaster features 5 VERY large drops, and nothing else. For thrill seekers ONLY!
Maggot Destruction, ride, This "experience" is not for the average park goer. The speed and turns make riders experience up to 6 Gs of force. Will you black out? Almost certainly. Will you have fun? I'm not sure, I blacked out.
The Wheel, ride, This is the ferris wheel. It is very large. It rotates very slow. Yes, it is a ferris wheel.
Speeds Hopper, ride, This is the raceway. This is where only the strongest drivers succeed and assert dominance over the losers.
Perfect Poodles, ride, This merry-go-round features many dogs which you can ride because horses are sooooo last year.
The 6ft Under, ride, The ride will climb upwards and then suddenly drop down at rapid speeds. Are you scared of heights?
Underneath Cold Ones, resturant, You feelin' down? Need a cold one? We gotchu!
Jasmine Vignette, resturant, This resturaunt provides only the highest quality of service with excellent food. This is the primier dinner experience at Dijkstra's Daredevil Adventures.
The Greasy Fool, resturant, You craving for something deep friend and covered in grease and butter? Fried chicken, corndogs, burgers, we got it all!
Cupcakes of The Grand Dessert, resturant, This sweets shop is focused on the highest quality of cupcakes.
The Deuce, bathroom, This bathroom is the peak of the bathroom experience. Solid gold and heat toilet seats, bidets for every toilet, and a guy that just stands there and gives out mints. Can you want anymore from a bathroom?
Central Bathrooms, bathroom, The bathrooms in the center of the park.
The Trough, bathroom, This is where you go if you REALLY need to go.